tiup: document Prometheus external labels (#23358)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-cluster-topology-reference.md

- `additional_args`: Introduced in TiUP v1.15.0, this field configures additional parameters for running Prometheus. This field is an array, and each element of the array is a Prometheus running parameter. For example, to enable the Prometheus hot reload feature, you can set this field to `--web.enable-lifecycle`.

> - `external_labels`: Introduced in TiUP v1.17.0, this field configures Prometheus global `external_labels` as key-value pairs. Use this field to attach stable metadata that is propagated through Prometheus `remote_write`, federation, and alerts. TiUP reserves the `cluster` and `monitor` labels and manages them automatically, so you must not configure them in this field. Label names starting with `__` are also reserved, and all label names must conform to the Prometheus label name rules. If an older TiUP version that does not support this field reads the topology file, topology parsing fails instead of ignoring the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `external_labels`: Introduced in TiUP v1.17.0, this field configures Prometheus global `external_labels` as key-value pairs. Use this field to attach stable metadata that is propagated through Prometheus `remote_write`, federation, and alerting. TiUP reserves the `cluster` and `monitor` labels and manages them automatically, so you must not configure them in this field. Label names starting with `__` are also reserved. In addition, all label names must conform to the Prometheus label naming rules. If an earlier version of TiUP that does not support this field reads the topology file, TiUP fails to parse the topology instead of ignoring the field.
```
